projects.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Projects
---

### Accessibility

- [talon notes](/talon) - personal documentation of [talon voice](https://talonvoice.com) tips and tricks.


### Calculator

- [calc2048](https://github.com/faithanalog/Calc2048) - 2048 in z80 assembly with lz4 executable compression
- [colorz](https://github.com/faithanalog/colorz) - z80 assembly puzzle game with a 4x3 pixel resolution
- [bejeweled](https://www.cemetech.net/programs/index.php?mode=file&id=1327) - bejeweled for the ti-84+cse in ti-basic


### Radio

- [vaportrail](https://github.com/inguardians/VaporTrail) - binary radio transmissions with a raspberry pi
- [amppaint](https://github.com/faithanalog/amppaint) - RF spectral painting with a raspberry pi
- [pocsag-encoder](https://github.com/faithanalog/pocsag-encoder) - heavily commented C implementation of [POCSAG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POCSAG) encoding
- [pagerenc](https://github.com/faithanalog/pagerenc) - haskell implementation of [POCSAG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POCSAG) and [FLEX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FLEX_%28protocol%29) encoding


### Uncategorized

- [faithanalog/x](https://github.com/faithanalog/x) - misc scripts and small projects
- [scala image compressor](https://github.com/faithanalog/ImageCompress) - barebones [discrete cosine transform](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discrete_cosine_transform) implementation
- [potc-dart](https://github.com/faithanalog/potc-dart) - dart port of the ludum dare game "prelude of the chambered"
- [sedfuck](https://github.com/faithanalog/sedfuck) - implementation of [brainfuck](https://esolangs.org/wiki/brainfuck#Language_overview) in POSIX-compliant sed

Commit message:

add rtmouse and my kmousetool fork to projects

projects.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Projects
---

### Accessibility

- [talon notes](/talon) - personal documentation of [talon voice](https://talonvoice.com) tips and tricks.
- [rtmouse](https://github.com/faithanalog/rtmouse) - minimal dwell-click. hard-depends on xlib, soft-dep on `aplay`.
- [KMouseTool fork](https://github.com/faithanalog/kmousetool) - fork of KDE's KMouseTool. refines the dwell-click behavior and adds dbus hooks for changing on/off state. someday i'd like to upstream this.


### Calculator

- [calc2048](https://github.com/faithanalog/Calc2048) - 2048 in z80 assembly with lz4 executable compression.
- [colorz](https://github.com/faithanalog/colorz) - z80 assembly puzzle game with a 4x3 pixel resolution.
- [bejeweled](https://www.cemetech.net/programs/index.php?mode=file&id=1327) - bejeweled for the ti-84+cse in ti-basic.


### Radio

- [vaportrail](https://github.com/inguardians/VaporTrail) - binary radio transmissions with a raspberry pi.
- [amppaint](https://github.com/faithanalog/amppaint) - RF spectral painting with a raspberry pi.
- [pocsag-encoder](https://github.com/faithanalog/pocsag-encoder) - heavily commented C implementation of [POCSAG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POCSAG) encoding.
- [pagerenc](https://github.com/faithanalog/pagerenc) - haskell implementation of [POCSAG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POCSAG) and [FLEX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FLEX_%28protocol%29) encoding.


### Uncategorized

- [faithanalog/x](https://github.com/faithanalog/x) - misc scripts and small projects.
- [scala image compressor](https://github.com/faithanalog/ImageCompress) - barebones [discrete cosine transform](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discrete_cosine_transform) implementation.
- [potc-dart](https://github.com/faithanalog/potc-dart) - dart port of the ludum dare game "prelude of the chambered".
- [sedfuck](https://github.com/faithanalog/sedfuck) - implementation of [brainfuck](https://esolangs.org/wiki/brainfuck#Language_overview) in POSIX-compliant sed.
